🔸 클러스터 0 체인 순서 (총 26개)
 1. Pens; ball point
 2. Wine; still, in containers holding 2 litres or less
 3. Buildings; prefabricated
 4. Padlocks; (key, combination or electrically operated), of base metal
 5. Automatic data processing machines; portable, weighing not more than 10kg, consisting of at least a central processing unit, a keyboard and a display
 6. Sound recording or reproducing apparatus; using magnetic, optical or semiconductor media, n.e.c. in item no 8519.20, 8519.30 or 8519.50
 7. Reception apparatus for television, whether or not incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video recording or reproducing apparatus; incorporating a colour video display or screen
 8. Aircraft and spacecraft; propellers and rotors and parts thereof
 9. Vehicles; with only spark-ignition internal combustion reciprocating piston engine, cylinder capacity over 1500 but not over 3000cc
10. Wrist-watches, pocket-watches, stop-watches and other watches; with case of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal
11. Engines; for marine propulsion, compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines (diesel or semi-diesel engines)
12. Vehicles; public transport type (carries 10 or more persons, including driver), with only compression-ignition internal combustion piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel), new or used
13. Cruise ships, excursion boats, ferry-boats, cargo ships, barges and similar vessels for the transport of persons or goods
14. Quartz; other than natural sands
15. Copper ores and concentrates
16. Marble and travertine; having a specific gravity of 2.5 or more, crude or roughly trimmed by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs of a rectangular (including square) shape
17. Electrical transformers; liquid dielectric, having a power handling capacity exceeding 10,000kVA
18. Seats; of a kind used for aircraft
19. Pharmaceutical goods; Gel preparations designed to be used in human or veterinary medicine as a lubricant for parts of the body for surgical operations or physical examinations or as a coupling agent between the body and medical instruments
20. Soya beans; other than seed, whether or not broken
21. Wool; (not carded or combed), greasy (including fleece-washed wool), shorn
22. Fabrics, woven; containing 85% or more by weight of textured polyester filaments, dyed
23. Cases and containers; trunks, suit-cases, vanity-cases, executive-cases, brief-cases, school satchels and similar containers, with outer surface of plastics or of textile materials
24. Silk; woven fabrics of noil silk
25. Nickel; nickel mattes
26. Flax; raw or retted, but not spun

🔸 클러스터 1 체인 순서 (총 41개)
 1. Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts; men's or boys', of cotton (not knitted or crocheted)
 2. Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts; women's or girls', of cotton (not knitted or crocheted)
 3. Propylene, other olefin polymers; propylene copolymers in primary forms
 4. Ivory, bone, tortoise-shell, horn, antlers, coral, mother-of-pearl and other animal carving material and articles of these materials; worked, (including articles obtained by moulding)
 5. Halides and halide oxides of non-metals
 6. Uncoated paper and paperboard (not 4801 or 4803); printing, writing or graphic, 10% or less by weight of mechanical or chemi-mechanical processed fibre, weight 40-150g/m2, n.e.c. in item no. 4802.55 or 4802.56
 7. Organic compounds; n.e.c. in chapter 29
 8. Alcohols; saturated monohydric, propan-1-ol (propyl alcohol) and propan-2-ol (isopropyl alcohol)
 9. Zinc; oxide and peroxide
10. Medicaments; consisting of mixed or unmixed products n.e.c. in heading no. 3004, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, packaged for retail sale
11. Colouring matter of vegetable or animal origin (including dyeing extracts, not animal black); whether or not chemically defined; preparations based on colouring matter of vegetable or animal origin
12. T-shirts, singlets and other vests; of cotton, knitted or crocheted
13. Dairy produce; natural milk constituents (excluding whey), whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, n.e.c. in chapter 04
14. Vegetable oils; sunflower seed or safflower oil and their fractions, crude, not chemically modified
15. Footwear; n.e.c. in heading no. 6403, (not covering the ankle), outer soles and uppers of leather
16. Tractors; single axle
17. Solvents and thinners; organic composite solvents and thinners, n.e.c. or included, prepared paint or varnish removers
18. Lubricating oil additives; containing petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous minerals
19. Sulphides of non-metals; commercial phosphorus trisulphide
20. Iron; non-alloy pig iron containing by weight 0.5% or less of phosphorus, in pigs, blocks or other primary forms
21. Alcohols; saturated monohydric, n.e.c. in item no. 2905.1
22. Golf clubs; complete
23. Amine-function compounds; acyclic monoamines and their derivatives, methylamine, di- or trimethylamine and their salts
24. Acids; unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids; oleic, linoleic or linolenic acids, their salts and esters
25. Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals, not containing biodiesel, not crude, not waste oils; preparations n.e.c, containing by weight 70% or more of petroleum oils or oils from bituminous minerals; light oils and preparations
26. Coal; bituminous, whether or not pulverised, but not agglomerated
27. Pitch and pitch coke; obtained from coal tar or from other mineral tars
28. Pitch; obtained from coal tar or from other mineral tars
29. Heterocyclic compounds; containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether or not hydrogenated) in the structure, n.e.c. in 2933.3
30. Optical fibres, optical fibre bundles and cables; excluding those of heading no. 8544
31. Sodium hydroxide (caustic soda); potassium hydroxide (caustic potash) peroxides of sodium or potassium
32. Ketones; acyclic, without other oxygen function, butanone (methyl ethyl ketone)
33. Vinyl chloride, other halogenated olefin polymers; poly(vinyl chloride), not mixed with any other substances, in primary forms
34. Coal; (other than anthracite and bituminous), whether or not pulverised but not agglomerated
35. Medicaments; (not containing antibiotics, hormones, alkaloids or their derivatives), for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, (not packaged for retail sale)
36. Nuclear reactors; parts thereof
37. Metals; gold, non-monetary, unwrought (but not powder)
38. Herbicides, anti-sprouting products and plant-growth regulators; other than containing goods of Subheading Note 1 to this Chapter; put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as preparations or articles
39. Fluorine; bromine
40. Sulphur of all kinds; other than sublimed, precipitated and colloidal sulphur
41. Lignite; whether or not pulverised, but not agglomerated, excluding jet

🔸 클러스터 2 체인 순서 (총 33개)
 1. Medicaments; containing penicillins, streptomycins or their derivatives, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, packaged for retail sale
 2. Sugars; sucrose, chemically pure, in solid form, not containing added flavouring or colouring matter
 3. Printed matter; trade advertising material, commercial catalogues and the like
 4. Electric accumulators; lead-acid, of a kind used for starting piston engines, including separators, whether or not rectangular (including square)
 5. Salt (including table salt and denatured salt); pure sodium chloride whether or not in aqueous solution; sea water
 6. Footwear; waterproof with metal toe-cap, rubber or plastic outer soles and uppers (not assembled by stitch, rivet, nail, screw, plug or similar)
 7. Musical instrument strings
 8. Arms; swords, cutlasses, bayonets, lances and the like, parts thereof and scabbards and sheaths therefor
 9. Electronic integrated circuits; processors and controllers, whether or not combined with memories, converters, logic circuits, amplifiers, clock and timing circuits, or other circuits
10. Bed linen; of cotton, printed, not knitted or crocheted
11. Reception apparatus for television, whether or not incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video recording or reproducing apparatus; not designed to incorporate a video display or screen
12. Magnesium; unwrought, containing at least 99.8% by weight of magnesium
13. Cereals; maize (corn), other than seed
14. Tools, hand; spades and shovels
15. Fertilizers, mineral or chemical; nitrogenous, urea, whether or not in aqueous solution
16. Tobacco, (not stemmed or stripped)
17. Meat; of swine, hams, shoulders and cuts thereof, with bone in, frozen
18. Pharmaceutical goods; chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones, on other products of heading 2937 or on spermicides
19. Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa; in blocks, slabs or bars, filled, weighing 2kg or less
20. Turbines; parts of turbo-jets and turbo-propellers
21. Steel, stainless; (excluding cold-drawn or cold-rolled), tubes pipes and hollow profiles of circular cross-section
22. Newspapers, journals and periodicals; whether or not illustrated or containing advertising material, appearing at least four times a week
23. Lead; unwrought, refined
24. Zinc; unwrought, (not alloyed), containing by weight 99.99% or more of zinc
25. Wool; (not carded or combed), degreased, (not carbonised), (other than shorn)
26. Prepared explosives, other than propellent powders
27. Dairy produce; milk and cream, concentrated, not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, in powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content exceeding 1.5% (by weight)
28. Cotton; not carded or combed
29. Microscopes, compound optical; stereoscopic microscopes
30. Lighters; pocket, cigarette, gas fuelled, non-refillable
31. Dairy produce; yoghurt, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavoured or containing added fruit or cocoa
32. Optical media; recorded, excluding products of Chapter 37
33. Engravings, prints and lithographs; original

🔸 클러스터 3 체인 순서 (총 5개)
 1. Jerseys, pullovers, cardigans, waistcoats and similar articles; of man-made fibres, knitted or crocheted
 2. Overcoats, car-coats, capes, cloaks, anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind-cheaters, wind-jackets and similar articles, men's or boys', other than those of heading no. 6203 (not knitted or crocheted)
 3. Oil seeds; rape or colza seeds, other than low erucic, whether or not broken
 4. Cork; natural cork, raw or simply prepared
 5. Wood; windows, French-windows and their frames

🔸 클러스터 4 체인 순서 (총 110개)
 1. Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets)
 2. Electrical apparatus; switches n.e.c. in heading no. 8536, for a voltage not exceeding 1000 volts
 3. Plastics; other articles n.e.c. in chapter 39
 4. Signalling apparatus; electric, sound or visual, burglar or fire alarms and similar, other than those of heading no. 8512 or 8530
 5. Vehicle parts; gear boxes and parts thereof
 6. Vehicle parts; drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, and non-driving axles; parts thereof
 7. Vehicle parts and accessories; n.e.c. in heading no. 8708
 8. Paper and paperboard; coated, impregnated or covered with plastics (excluding adhesives), other than bleached and weighing more than 150g/m2, other than goods of heading no. 4803, 4809, or 4810
 9. Sauces and preparations therefor; mixed condiments and mixed seasonings
10. Meat of swine; fresh, chilled or frozen
11. Extracts, essences and concentrates; of coffee, and preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or concentrates or with a basis of coffee
12. Food preparations; pasta (excluding stuffed), cooked or otherwise prepared
13. Dairy produce; milk and cream, containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, other than in powder, granules or other solid forms
14. Electrical machines and apparatus; having individual functions, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter, n.e.c. in heading no. 8543
15. Ethylene polymers; sacks and bags (including cones), for the conveyance or packing of goods
16. Photographic goods; chemical preparations other than sensitised emulsions, put up in measured portions or put up for retail sale in a form ready for use
17. Musical instrument parts (for example, mechanisms for musical boxes) and accessories (for example, cards, discs and rolls for mechanical instruments); metronomes, tuning forks and pitch pipes
18. Sewing thread; of synthetic filaments, whether or not put up for retail sale
19. Plastics; sacks and bags (including cones), for the conveyance or packing of goods, of plastics other than ethylene polymers
20. Insulated electric conductors; for a voltage not exceeding 1000 volts, fitted with connectors
21. Rubber; new pneumatic tyres, of a kind used on buses or lorries
22. Tools, interchangeable; rock drilling or earth boring tools, with working part (other than of cermets), whether or not power operated, including parts
23. Machinery; parts of machines handling earth, minerals or ores and n.e.c. in heading no. 8431
24. Mechanical shovels, excavators and shovel loaders; with a 360 degree revolving super structure
25. Chemical wood pulp, dissolving grades
26. Electric motors; of an output not exceeding 37.5W
27. Paper and paperboard; cartons, boxes and cases, of corrugated paper or paperboard
28. Hinges; suitable for furniture, doors, staircases, windows, blinds, coachwork, saddlery, trunks, chests, caskets or the like, of base metal
29. Twine, cordage, ropes, cables; of polyethylene or polypropylene (excluding binder or baler twine), whether or not plaited, braided or rubber or plastic impregnated, coated, covered or sheathed
30. Plastics; plates, sheets, film, foil and strip (not self-adhesive), of polymers of ethylene, non-cellular and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined with other materials
31. Acrylic polymers; (other than polymethyl methacrylate), in primary forms
32. Ethylene polymers; in primary forms, polyethylene having a specific gravity of 0.94 or more
33. Ethylene polymers; in primary forms, polyethylene having a specific gravity of less than 0.94
34. Silicones in primary forms
35. Styrene polymers; (other than expansible polystyrene), in primary forms
36. Propylene, other olefin polymers; polypropylene in primary forms
37. Dyes; reactive dyes and preparations based thereon
38. Aluminium; unwrought
39. Aluminium; unwrought, (not alloyed)
40. Acyclic hydrocarbons
41. Lead oxides; red lead and orange lead
42. Particle board of wood, whether or not agglomerated with resins or other organic binding substances
43. Acids; saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids; acetic acid
44. Alcohols; aromatic alcohols and derivatives, benzyl alcohol
45. Rubber; synthetic, styrene-butadiene rubber (SBR) and carboxylated styrene-butadiene rubber (XSBR), (other than latex), in primary forms or in plates, sheets or strip
46. Inorganic acids and other inorganic oxygen compounds of non-metals; n.e.c. in heading no. 2806 to 2810
47. Hydroxide and peroxide of magnesium; oxides, hydroxides and peroxides of strontium or barium
48. Dairy produce; whey, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter
49. Glass; float glass and surface ground or polished glass, in sheets, non-wired, (other than coloured throughout the mass (body tinted), opacified, flashed or merely surface ground)
50. Paper and paperboard; coated with kaolin or other inorganic substances only, having more than 10% of mechanically processed fibres, (excluding light-weight paper), for writing, printing or other graphic purposes, in rolls or sheets
51. Oils; petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals, crude
52. Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals, not containing biodiesel, not crude, not waste oils; preparations n.e.c, containing by weight 70% or more of petroleum oils or oils from bituminous minerals; not light oils and preparations
53. Newsprint; made of fibres obtained essentially by a chemi-mechanical process or of a weight, per m2, of more than 57g but not more than 65g, in rolls or sheets
54. Wood pulp; chemical wood pulp, soda or sulphate, (other than dissolving grades), semi-bleached or bleached, of coniferous wood
55. Tar distilled from coal, from lignite, peat and other mineral tars, whether or not dehydrated or partially distilled; including reconstituted tars
56. Catalysts, supported; reaction initiators, reaction accelerators and catalytic preparations, with precious metal or precious metal compounds as the active substance, n.e.c. or included
57. Soap and organic surface-active products; in the form of bars, cakes, moulded shapes, and paper, wadding, felt and nonwovens, impregnated, coated or covered with soap or detergent, for toilet use (including medicated products)
58. Rubber; new pneumatic tyres, of a kind used on motor cars (including station wagons and racing cars)
59. Glass; safety glass, laminated, of size and shape suitable for incorporation in vehicles, aircraft, spacecraft or vessels
60. Cigarettes; containing tobacco
61. Refractory ceramic goods; containing, by weight, more than 50% of free carbon, excluding those of siliceous fossil meals or similar earths
62. Time switches; with clock, watch movement or synchronous motor
63. Amino-alcohols, other than those containing more than one kind of oxygen function, their ethers and esters; salts thereof, n.e.c. in item no. 2922.1
64. Meat; of bovine animals, boneless cuts, fresh or chilled
65. Enzymes and prepared enzymes; other than rennet and concentrates thereof
66. Cement, concrete or artificial stone; prefabricated structural components for building or civil engineering, whether or not reinforced
67. Textile fabrics; coated with gum or amylaceous substances, of a kind used for the outer covers of books or the like
68. Headgear; safety, whether or not lined or trimmed
69. Buttons, press-fasteners, snap-fasteners and press-studs, button moulds and other parts of these articles; button blanks
70. Scent sprays and similar toilet sprays and mounts and heads therefor; powder-puffs and pads for the application of cosmetics or toilet preparations
71. Motorcycles (including mopeds) and cycles; fitted with an auxiliary motor, reciprocating internal combustion piston engine, of cylinder capacity exceeding 50cc but not exceeding 250cc, with or without side-cars; side-cars
72. Electrical static converters
73. Stone; monumental or building stone, n.e.c. in item no. 6802.2, articles thereof, simply cut or sawn, with a flat or even surface
74. Copper; refined, unwrought, cathodes and sections of cathodes
75. Oxides of boron; boric acids
76. Acyclic hydrocarbons; saturated
77. Dairy produce; buttermilk, curdled milk or cream, kephir, fermented or acidified milk or cream, whether or not concentrated or containing added sweetening, flavouring, fruit, nuts or cocoa (excluding yoghurt)
78. Alcohols; saturated monohydric, methanol (methyl alcohol)
79. Nickel; unwrought, not alloyed
80. Food preparations; of flour, meal, starch, malt extract or milk products, suitable for infants or young children, put up for retail sale
81. Wood pulp; chemical wood pulp, soda or sulphate, (other than dissolving grades), semi-bleached or bleached, of non-coniferous wood
82. Manganese oxides
83. Dairy produce; milk and cream, concentrated, not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, other than in powder, granules or other solid forms
84. Blood, human or animal, antisera, other blood fractions and immunological products; antisera and other blood fractions
85. Meat; of bovine animals, carcasses and half-carcasses, fresh or chilled
86. Fabrics; woven pile, of wool or fine animal hair, other than fabrics of heading no. 5802 or 5806
87. Cereals; rice, semi-milled or wholly milled, whether or not polished or glazed
88. Artificial parts of the body
89. Medicaments; containing antibiotics (other than penicillins, streptomycins or their derivatives), for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, packaged for retail sale
90. Vegetables, alliaceous; onions and shallots, fresh or chilled
91. Glass; ampoules, of a kind used for the conveyance or packing of goods
92. Printed matter; in single sheets, whether or not folded
93. Carpets and other textile floor coverings; knotted, of wool or fine animal hair, whether or not made up
94. Aluminium oxide (including artificial corundum); aluminium hydroxide
95. Engines; outboard motors for marine propulsion, spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines
96. Acyclic hydrocarbons; unsaturated, ethylene
97. Chromium oxides and hydroxides
98. Natural calcium phosphates; natural aluminium calcium phosphates and phosphatic chalk
99. Vegetable preparations; cucumbers and gherkins, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid
100. Units of automatic data processing machines; processing units other than those of item no. 8471.41 or 8471.49, whether or not containing in the same housing one or two of the following types of unit: storage units, input units or output units
101. Bombs, grenades, torpedoes, mines, missiles and similar munitions of war and parts thereof; cartridges and other ammunition, projectiles and parts thereof, including shot and cartridge wads
102. Copper; tubes and pipes, of refined copper
103. Iron ores and concentrates; non-agglomerated
104. Graphite; natural, in powder or in flakes
105. Acyclic hydrocarbons; unsaturated, buta-1,3-diene and isoprene
106. Fabrics; warp knit (including those made on galloon knitting machines), other than those of headings 60.01 to 60.04, of artificial fibres, bleached or unbleached
107. Cotton; garnetted stock waste
108. Gases, rare; other than argon
109. Nucleic acids and their salts, other heterocyclic compounds, n.e.c. in heading number 2934
110. Floating or submersible drilling or production platforms

🔸 클러스터 5 체인 순서 (총 2개)
 1. Coal gas, water gas, producer gas and similar gases, other than petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons
 2. Coal gas, water gas, producer gas and similar gases, other than petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons

🔸 클러스터 6 체인 순서 (총 6개)
 1. Nickel ores and concentrates
 2. Paper and paperboard; registers, account books, note books, order books, receipt books, letter pads, memorandum pads, diaries and similar articles
 3. Cameras, photographic (excluding cinematographic); instant print cameras
 4. Military weapons; other than revolvers, pistols and arms of heading no. 9307
 5. Cigars, cigarillos and cheroots; containing tobacco substitutes including the weight of every band, wrapper or attachment thereto
 6. Furskin articles; apparel and clothing accessories

🔸 클러스터 7 체인 순서 (총 2개)
 1. Cruise ships, excursion boats and similar vessels, principally designed for the transport of persons, ferry boats of all kinds
 2. Cruise ships, excursion boats and similar vessels, principally designed for the transport of persons, ferry boats of all kinds

🔸 클러스터 8 체인 순서 (총 2개)
 1. Vegetable oils; olive oil and its fractions, virgin, whether or not refined, but not chemically modified
 2. Vegetable oils; olive oil and its fractions, virgin, whether or not refined, but not chemically modified

🔸 클러스터 9 체인 순서 (총 5개)
 1. Ammonia; anhydrous or in aqueous solution
 2. Clocks; with watch movements, electrically operated, excluding clocks of heading no. 9104
 3. Cobalt oxides and hydroxides; commercial cobalt oxides
 4. Plans and drawings; for architectural, engineering, industrial, commercial, topographical or similar, being originals drawn by hand; hand-written texts; photo- graphic reproductions; their carbon copies
 5. Ivory and articles thereof; worked

🔸 클러스터 10 체인 순서 (총 33개)
 1. Carbon; activated
 2. Vegetable preparations; potatoes, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen
 3. Ceramic tiles; flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles other than those of subheadings 6907.30 and 6907.40, of a water absorption coefficient by weight not over 0.5%
 4. Cement; portland, other than white, whether or not artificially coloured
 5. Beer; made from malt
 6. Waters; mineral and aerated, including natural or artificial, (not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter nor flavoured)
 7. Titanium oxides
 8. Cyclic hydrocarbons; benzene
 9. Extracts, essences and concentrates; of tea or mate, and preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or concentrates or with a basis of tea or mate
10. Oils and other products of the distillation of high temperature coal tar; similar products in which the weight of the aromatic constituents exceeds that of the non-aromatic constituents
11. Odoriferous substances and mixtures; of a kind used in the food or drink industries
12. Chlorine
13. Carbon dioxide
14. Tungsten (wolfram); articles thereof, including waste and scrap, powders
15. Iron or steel; sheet piling, whether or not drilled, punched or made from assembled elements
16. Petroleum bitumen; obtained from bituminous minerals
17. Iron oxides and hydroxides; earth colours containing 70% or more by weight of combined iron evaluated as Fe2o3
18. Fertilizers, mineral or chemical; potassic, potassium chloride
19. Meat; of bovine animals, cuts with bone in (excluding carcasses and half-carcasses), frozen
20. Coke and semi-coke; of coal, lignite or peat, whether or not agglomerated; retort carbon
21. Iron or non-alloy steel; semi-finished products of iron or non-alloy steel, containing by weight 0.25% or more of carbon
22. Tin; unwrought, not alloyed
23. Fabrics; long pile fabrics, knitted or crocheted
24. Containers; (including containers for transport of fluids) specially designed and equipped for carriage by one or more modes of transport
25. Ethers; acyclic, and their halogenated, sulphonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives, other than diethyl ether
26. Cyclic hydrocarbons; toluene
27. Iodine
28. Vegetable oils; palm oil and its fractions, crude, not chemically modified
29. Vegetable oils; palm kernel or babassu oil and their fractions, crude, not chemically modified
30. Vegetable oils; soya-bean oil and its fractions, crude, whether or not degummed, not chemically modified
31. Skins and other parts of birds with their feathers or down; feathers, parts of feathers, down and articles thereof (other than goods of heading no. 0505 and worked quills and scapes)
32. Non-alcoholic beverages; n.e.c. in item no. 2202.10, not including fruit or vegetable juices of heading no. 2009
33. Dairy produce; milk and cream, containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, in powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content exceeding 1.5% (by weight)

🔸 클러스터 11 체인 순서 (총 7개)
 1. Reagents; diagnostic or laboratory reagents on a backing and prepared diagnostic or laboratory reagents whether or not on a backing, other than those of heading no. 3002 or 3006; certified reference material
 2. Telephones for cellular networks or for other wireless networks
 3. Vaccines; for veterinary medicine
 4. Television cameras, digital cameras and video camera recorders
 5. Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa; n.e.c. in chapter 18
 6. Electrical energy
 7. Rail locomotives; powered from an external source of electricity

🔸 클러스터 12 체인 순서 (총 4개)
 1. Juice; orange, frozen, unfermented, (not containing added spirit), whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter
 2. Umbrellas and sun umbrellas; garden or similar umbrellas
 3. Cocoa beans; whole or broken, raw or roasted
 4. Wood; table and kitchenware