🔸 클러스터 0 체인 순서 (총 18개)
 1. Aluminium; unwrought
 2. Aluminium; unwrought, (not alloyed)
 3. Acyclic hydrocarbons
 4. Lead oxides; red lead and orange lead
 5. Aluminium oxide (including artificial corundum); aluminium hydroxide
 6. Alcohols; saturated monohydric, methanol (methyl alcohol)
 7. Coal; (other than anthracite and bituminous), whether or not pulverised but not agglomerated
 8. Acids; unsaturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids; oleic, linoleic or linolenic acids, their salts and esters
 9. Chromium oxides and hydroxides
10. Coke and semi-coke; of coal, lignite or peat, whether or not agglomerated; retort carbon
11. Acyclic hydrocarbons; unsaturated, ethylene
12. Titanium oxides
13. Wine; still, in containers holding 2 litres or less
14. Soya beans; other than seed, whether or not broken
15. Wool; (not carded or combed), greasy (including fleece-washed wool), shorn
16. Cotton; garnetted stock waste
17. Iron or non-alloy steel; semi-finished products of iron or non-alloy steel, containing by weight 0.25% or more of carbon
18. Coal gas, water gas, producer gas and similar gases, other than petroleum gases and other gaseous hydrocarbons

🔸 클러스터 1 체인 순서 (총 28개)
 1. Medicaments; containing penicillins, streptomycins or their derivatives, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, packaged for retail sale
 2. Sugars; sucrose, chemically pure, in solid form, not containing added flavouring or colouring matter
 3. Printed matter; trade advertising material, commercial catalogues and the like
 4. Electric accumulators; lead-acid, of a kind used for starting piston engines, including separators, whether or not rectangular (including square)
 5. Salt (including table salt and denatured salt); pure sodium chloride whether or not in aqueous solution; sea water
 6. Footwear; waterproof with metal toe-cap, rubber or plastic outer soles and uppers (not assembled by stitch, rivet, nail, screw, plug or similar)
 7. Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa; in blocks, slabs or bars, filled, weighing 2kg or less
 8. Lead; unwrought, refined
 9. Manganese oxides
10. Dairy produce; milk and cream, concentrated, not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, other than in powder, granules or other solid forms
11. Zinc; unwrought, (not alloyed), containing by weight 99.99% or more of zinc
12. Engines; outboard motors for marine propulsion, spark-ignition reciprocating or rotary internal combustion piston engines
13. Nickel; unwrought, not alloyed
14. Food preparations; of flour, meal, starch, malt extract or milk products, suitable for infants or young children, put up for retail sale
15. Wood pulp; chemical wood pulp, soda or sulphate, (other than dissolving grades), semi-bleached or bleached, of non-coniferous wood
16. Optical fibres, optical fibre bundles and cables; excluding those of heading no. 8544
17. Sodium hydroxide (caustic soda); potassium hydroxide (caustic potash) peroxides of sodium or potassium
18. Meat; of swine, hams, shoulders and cuts thereof, with bone in, frozen
19. Tools, hand; spades and shovels
20. Cereals; maize (corn), other than seed
21. Fertilizers, mineral or chemical; nitrogenous, urea, whether or not in aqueous solution
22. Tobacco, (not stemmed or stripped)
23. Wool; (not carded or combed), degreased, (not carbonised), (other than shorn)
24. Flax; raw or retted, but not spun
25. Nickel; nickel mattes
26. Clocks; with watch movements, electrically operated, excluding clocks of heading no. 9104
27. Ammonia; anhydrous or in aqueous solution
28. Ivory and articles thereof; worked

🔸 클러스터 2 체인 순서 (총 21개)
 1. Medicaments; consisting of mixed or unmixed products n.e.c. in heading no. 3004, for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, packaged for retail sale
 2. Zinc; oxide and peroxide
 3. Alcohols; saturated monohydric, propan-1-ol (propyl alcohol) and propan-2-ol (isopropyl alcohol)
 4. Organic compounds; n.e.c. in chapter 29
 5. Dairy produce; natural milk constituents (excluding whey), whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, n.e.c. in chapter 04
 6. Colouring matter of vegetable or animal origin (including dyeing extracts, not animal black); whether or not chemically defined; preparations based on colouring matter of vegetable or animal origin
 7. Footwear; n.e.c. in heading no. 6403, (not covering the ankle), outer soles and uppers of leather
 8. Tractors; single axle
 9. Herbicides, anti-sprouting products and plant-growth regulators; other than containing goods of Subheading Note 1 to this Chapter; put up in forms or packings for retail sale or as preparations or articles
10. Golf clubs; complete
11. Alcohols; saturated monohydric, n.e.c. in item no. 2905.1
12. Amine-function compounds; acyclic monoamines and their derivatives, methylamine, di- or trimethylamine and their salts
13. Medicaments; (not containing antibiotics, hormones, alkaloids or their derivatives), for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, (not packaged for retail sale)
14. Nuclear reactors; parts thereof
15. Juice; orange, frozen, unfermented, (not containing added spirit), whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter
16. Umbrellas and sun umbrellas; garden or similar umbrellas
17. Cocoa beans; whole or broken, raw or roasted
18. Fabrics; warp knit (including those made on galloon knitting machines), other than those of headings 60.01 to 60.04, of artificial fibres, bleached or unbleached
19. Lignite; whether or not pulverised, but not agglomerated, excluding jet
20. Plans and drawings; for architectural, engineering, industrial, commercial, topographical or similar, being originals drawn by hand; hand-written texts; photo- graphic reproductions; their carbon copies
21. Wood; table and kitchenware

🔸 클러스터 3 체인 순서 (총 23개)
 1. Printed matter; in single sheets, whether or not folded
 2. Vehicles; with only spark-ignition internal combustion reciprocating piston engine, cylinder capacity over 1500 but not over 3000cc
 3. Aircraft and spacecraft; propellers and rotors and parts thereof
 4. Copper ores and concentrates
 5. Pharmaceutical goods; chemical contraceptive preparations based on hormones, on other products of heading 2937 or on spermicides
 6. Engines; for marine propulsion, compression-ignition internal combustion piston engines (diesel or semi-diesel engines)
 7. Vehicles; public transport type (carries 10 or more persons, including driver), with only compression-ignition internal combustion piston engine (diesel or semi-diesel), new or used
 8. Cruise ships, excursion boats, ferry-boats, cargo ships, barges and similar vessels for the transport of persons or goods
 9. Reception apparatus for television, whether or not incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video recording or reproducing apparatus; incorporating a colour video display or screen
10. Automatic data processing machines; portable, weighing not more than 10kg, consisting of at least a central processing unit, a keyboard and a display
11. Sound recording or reproducing apparatus; using magnetic, optical or semiconductor media, n.e.c. in item no 8519.20, 8519.30 or 8519.50
12. Electrical transformers; liquid dielectric, having a power handling capacity exceeding 10,000kVA
13. Bombs, grenades, torpedoes, mines, missiles and similar munitions of war and parts thereof; cartridges and other ammunition, projectiles and parts thereof, including shot and cartridge wads
14. Graphite; natural, in powder or in flakes
15. Vegetable oils; palm kernel or babassu oil and their fractions, crude, not chemically modified
16. Acyclic hydrocarbons; unsaturated, buta-1,3-diene and isoprene
17. Silk; woven fabrics of noil silk
18. Cameras, photographic (excluding cinematographic); instant print cameras
19. Pharmaceutical goods; Gel preparations designed to be used in human or veterinary medicine as a lubricant for parts of the body for surgical operations or physical examinations or as a coupling agent between the body and medical instruments
20. Military weapons; other than revolvers, pistols and arms of heading no. 9307
21. Floating or submersible drilling or production platforms
22. Cruise ships, excursion boats and similar vessels, principally designed for the transport of persons, ferry boats of all kinds
23. Vegetable oils; olive oil and its fractions, virgin, whether or not refined, but not chemically modified

🔸 클러스터 4 체인 순서 (총 32개)
 1. Insulated electric conductors; for a voltage not exceeding 1000 volts, fitted with connectors
 2. Plastics; sacks and bags (including cones), for the conveyance or packing of goods, of plastics other than ethylene polymers
 3. Ethylene polymers; sacks and bags (including cones), for the conveyance or packing of goods
 4. Photographic goods; chemical preparations other than sensitised emulsions, put up in measured portions or put up for retail sale in a form ready for use
 5. Musical instrument parts (for example, mechanisms for musical boxes) and accessories (for example, cards, discs and rolls for mechanical instruments); metronomes, tuning forks and pitch pipes
 6. Sewing thread; of synthetic filaments, whether or not put up for retail sale
 7. Plastics; other articles n.e.c. in chapter 39
 8. Paper and paperboard; cartons, boxes and cases, of corrugated paper or paperboard
 9. Hinges; suitable for furniture, doors, staircases, windows, blinds, coachwork, saddlery, trunks, chests, caskets or the like, of base metal
10. Twine, cordage, ropes, cables; of polyethylene or polypropylene (excluding binder or baler twine), whether or not plaited, braided or rubber or plastic impregnated, coated, covered or sheathed
11. Cement, concrete or artificial stone; prefabricated structural components for building or civil engineering, whether or not reinforced
12. Tools, interchangeable; rock drilling or earth boring tools, with working part (other than of cermets), whether or not power operated, including parts
13. Rubber; new pneumatic tyres, of a kind used on buses or lorries
14. Electrical machines and apparatus; having individual functions, not specified or included elsewhere in this chapter, n.e.c. in heading no. 8543
15. Arms; swords, cutlasses, bayonets, lances and the like, parts thereof and scabbards and sheaths therefor
16. Headgear; safety, whether or not lined or trimmed
17. Textile fabrics; coated with gum or amylaceous substances, of a kind used for the outer covers of books or the like
18. Scent sprays and similar toilet sprays and mounts and heads therefor; powder-puffs and pads for the application of cosmetics or toilet preparations
19. Buttons, press-fasteners, snap-fasteners and press-studs, button moulds and other parts of these articles; button blanks
20. Oxides of boron; boric acids
21. Copper; refined, unwrought, cathodes and sections of cathodes
22. Electrical static converters
23. Electronic integrated circuits; processors and controllers, whether or not combined with memories, converters, logic circuits, amplifiers, clock and timing circuits, or other circuits
24. Bed linen; of cotton, printed, not knitted or crocheted
25. Vegetable preparations; cucumbers and gherkins, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid
26. Musical instrument strings
27. Cotton; not carded or combed
28. Meat; of bovine animals, cuts with bone in (excluding carcasses and half-carcasses), frozen
29. Iron ores and concentrates; non-agglomerated
30. Lighters; pocket, cigarette, gas fuelled, non-refillable
31. Microscopes, compound optical; stereoscopic microscopes
32. Skins and other parts of birds with their feathers or down; feathers, parts of feathers, down and articles thereof (other than goods of heading no. 0505 and worked quills and scapes)

🔸 클러스터 5 체인 순서 (총 10개)
 1. Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts; men's or boys', of cotton (not knitted or crocheted)
 2. Trousers, bib and brace overalls, breeches and shorts; women's or girls', of cotton (not knitted or crocheted)
 3. Uncoated paper and paperboard (not 4801 or 4803); printing, writing or graphic, 10% or less by weight of mechanical or chemi-mechanical processed fibre, weight 40-150g/m2, n.e.c. in item no. 4802.55 or 4802.56
 4. Refractory ceramic goods; containing, by weight, more than 50% of free carbon, excluding those of siliceous fossil meals or similar earths
 5. Time switches; with clock, watch movement or synchronous motor
 6. Amino-alcohols, other than those containing more than one kind of oxygen function, their ethers and esters; salts thereof, n.e.c. in item no. 2922.1
 7. Iron; non-alloy pig iron containing by weight 0.5% or less of phosphorus, in pigs, blocks or other primary forms
 8. Sulphides of non-metals; commercial phosphorus trisulphide
 9. Lubricating oil additives; containing petroleum oils or oils obtained from bituminous minerals
10. Newspapers, journals and periodicals; whether or not illustrated or containing advertising material, appearing at least four times a week

🔸 클러스터 6 체인 순서 (총 21개)
 1. Carbon; activated
 2. Vegetable preparations; potatoes, prepared or preserved otherwise than by vinegar or acetic acid, not frozen
 3. Ceramic tiles; flags and paving, hearth or wall tiles other than those of subheadings 6907.30 and 6907.40, of a water absorption coefficient by weight not over 0.5%
 4. Cement; portland, other than white, whether or not artificially coloured
 5. Beer; made from malt
 6. Waters; mineral and aerated, including natural or artificial, (not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter nor flavoured)
 7. Extracts, essences and concentrates; of tea or mate, and preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or concentrates or with a basis of tea or mate
 8. Oils and other products of the distillation of high temperature coal tar; similar products in which the weight of the aromatic constituents exceeds that of the non-aromatic constituents
 9. Odoriferous substances and mixtures; of a kind used in the food or drink industries
10. Chlorine
11. Carbon dioxide
12. Stone; monumental or building stone, n.e.c. in item no. 6802.2, articles thereof, simply cut or sawn, with a flat or even surface
13. Iron or steel; sheet piling, whether or not drilled, punched or made from assembled elements
14. Petroleum bitumen; obtained from bituminous minerals
15. Tungsten (wolfram); articles thereof, including waste and scrap, powders
16. Vegetable oils; soya-bean oil and its fractions, crude, whether or not degummed, not chemically modified
17. Marble and travertine; having a specific gravity of 2.5 or more, crude or roughly trimmed by sawing or otherwise, into blocks or slabs of a rectangular (including square) shape
18. Cyclic hydrocarbons; toluene
19. Ethers; acyclic, and their halogenated, sulphonated, nitrated or nitrosated derivatives, other than diethyl ether
20. Dairy produce; milk and cream, containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, in powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content exceeding 1.5% (by weight)
21. Cigars, cigarillos and cheroots; containing tobacco substitutes including the weight of every band, wrapper or attachment thereto

🔸 클러스터 7 체인 순서 (총 38개)
 1. Electric motors and generators (excluding generating sets)
 2. Electrical apparatus; switches n.e.c. in heading no. 8536, for a voltage not exceeding 1000 volts
 3. Paper and paperboard; coated, impregnated or covered with plastics (excluding adhesives), other than bleached and weighing more than 150g/m2, other than goods of heading no. 4803, 4809, or 4810
 4. Vehicle parts; drive-axles with differential, whether or not provided with other transmission components, and non-driving axles; parts thereof
 5. Vehicle parts and accessories; n.e.c. in heading no. 8708
 6. Vehicle parts; gear boxes and parts thereof
 7. Soap and organic surface-active products; in the form of bars, cakes, moulded shapes, and paper, wadding, felt and nonwovens, impregnated, coated or covered with soap or detergent, for toilet use (including medicated products)
 8. Rubber; new pneumatic tyres, of a kind used on motor cars (including station wagons and racing cars)
 9. Glass; safety glass, laminated, of size and shape suitable for incorporation in vehicles, aircraft, spacecraft or vessels
10. Signalling apparatus; electric, sound or visual, burglar or fire alarms and similar, other than those of heading no. 8512 or 8530
11. Sauces and preparations therefor; mixed condiments and mixed seasonings
12. Meat of swine; fresh, chilled or frozen
13. Extracts, essences and concentrates; of coffee, and preparations with a basis of these extracts, essences or concentrates or with a basis of coffee
14. Food preparations; pasta (excluding stuffed), cooked or otherwise prepared
15. Dairy produce; milk and cream, containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, other than in powder, granules or other solid forms
16. Electric motors; of an output not exceeding 37.5W
17. Machinery; parts of machines handling earth, minerals or ores and n.e.c. in heading no. 8431
18. Mechanical shovels, excavators and shovel loaders; with a 360 degree revolving super structure
19. Chemical wood pulp, dissolving grades
20. Solvents and thinners; organic composite solvents and thinners, n.e.c. or included, prepared paint or varnish removers
21. Dairy produce; buttermilk, curdled milk or cream, kephir, fermented or acidified milk or cream, whether or not concentrated or containing added sweetening, flavouring, fruit, nuts or cocoa (excluding yoghurt)
22. Hydroxide and peroxide of magnesium; oxides, hydroxides and peroxides of strontium or barium
23. Halides and halide oxides of non-metals
24. Tar distilled from coal, from lignite, peat and other mineral tars, whether or not dehydrated or partially distilled; including reconstituted tars
25. Catalysts, supported; reaction initiators, reaction accelerators and catalytic preparations, with precious metal or precious metal compounds as the active substance, n.e.c. or included
26. Steel, stainless; (excluding cold-drawn or cold-rolled), tubes pipes and hollow profiles of circular cross-section
27. Turbines; parts of turbo-jets and turbo-propellers
28. Glass; ampoules, of a kind used for the conveyance or packing of goods
29. Meat; of bovine animals, boneless cuts, fresh or chilled
30. Enzymes and prepared enzymes; other than rennet and concentrates thereof
31. Cigarettes; containing tobacco
32. Carpets and other textile floor coverings; knotted, of wool or fine animal hair, whether or not made up
33. Blood, human or animal, antisera, other blood fractions and immunological products; antisera and other blood fractions
34. Units of automatic data processing machines; processing units other than those of item no. 8471.41 or 8471.49, whether or not containing in the same housing one or two of the following types of unit: storage units, input units or output units
35. Iodine
36. Heterocyclic compounds; containing an unfused pyridine ring (whether or not hydrogenated) in the structure, n.e.c. in 2933.3
37. Metals; gold, non-monetary, unwrought (but not powder)
38. Nucleic acids and their salts, other heterocyclic compounds, n.e.c. in heading number 2934

🔸 클러스터 8 체인 순서 (총 9개)
 1. Magnesium; unwrought, containing at least 99.8% by weight of magnesium
 2. Reception apparatus for television, whether or not incorporating radio-broadcast receivers or sound or video recording or reproducing apparatus; not designed to incorporate a video display or screen
 3. Optical media; recorded, excluding products of Chapter 37
 4. Dairy produce; yoghurt, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter or flavoured or containing added fruit or cocoa
 5. Vaccines; for veterinary medicine
 6. Telephones for cellular networks or for other wireless networks
 7. Reagents; diagnostic or laboratory reagents on a backing and prepared diagnostic or laboratory reagents whether or not on a backing, other than those of heading no. 3002 or 3006; certified reference material
 8. Television cameras, digital cameras and video camera recorders
 9. Cobalt oxides and hydroxides; commercial cobalt oxides

🔸 클러스터 9 체인 순서 (총 13개)
 1. Motorcycles (including mopeds) and cycles; fitted with an auxiliary motor, reciprocating internal combustion piston engine, of cylinder capacity exceeding 50cc but not exceeding 250cc, with or without side-cars; side-cars
 2. Padlocks; (key, combination or electrically operated), of base metal
 3. Pens; ball point
 4. Buildings; prefabricated
 5. Tin; unwrought, not alloyed
 6. Fabrics; long pile fabrics, knitted or crocheted
 7. Fabrics, woven; containing 85% or more by weight of textured polyester filaments, dyed
 8. Cases and containers; trunks, suit-cases, vanity-cases, executive-cases, brief-cases, school satchels and similar containers, with outer surface of plastics or of textile materials
 9. Paper and paperboard; registers, account books, note books, order books, receipt books, letter pads, memorandum pads, diaries and similar articles
10. Nickel ores and concentrates
11. Non-alcoholic beverages; n.e.c. in item no. 2202.10, not including fruit or vegetable juices of heading no. 2009
12. Quartz; other than natural sands
13. Containers; (including containers for transport of fluids) specially designed and equipped for carriage by one or more modes of transport

🔸 클러스터 10 체인 순서 (총 9개)
 1. Jerseys, pullovers, cardigans, waistcoats and similar articles; of man-made fibres, knitted or crocheted
 2. Overcoats, car-coats, capes, cloaks, anoraks (including ski-jackets), wind-cheaters, wind-jackets and similar articles, men's or boys', other than those of heading no. 6203 (not knitted or crocheted)
 3. Oil seeds; rape or colza seeds, other than low erucic, whether or not broken
 4. Cork; natural cork, raw or simply prepared
 5. Rail locomotives; powered from an external source of electricity
 6. Chocolate and other food preparations containing cocoa; n.e.c. in chapter 18
 7. Electrical energy
 8. Furskin articles; apparel and clothing accessories
 9. Wood; windows, French-windows and their frames

🔸 클러스터 11 체인 순서 (총 20개)
 1. Glass; float glass and surface ground or polished glass, in sheets, non-wired, (other than coloured throughout the mass (body tinted), opacified, flashed or merely surface ground)
 2. Paper and paperboard; coated with kaolin or other inorganic substances only, having more than 10% of mechanically processed fibres, (excluding light-weight paper), for writing, printing or other graphic purposes, in rolls or sheets
 3. Oils; petroleum oils and oils obtained from bituminous minerals, crude
 4. Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals, not containing biodiesel, not crude, not waste oils; preparations n.e.c, containing by weight 70% or more of petroleum oils or oils from bituminous minerals; not light oils and preparations
 5. Petroleum oils and oils from bituminous minerals, not containing biodiesel, not crude, not waste oils; preparations n.e.c, containing by weight 70% or more of petroleum oils or oils from bituminous minerals; light oils and preparations
 6. Acyclic hydrocarbons; saturated
 7. Dairy produce; whey, whether or not concentrated or containing added sugar or other sweetening matter
 8. Wood pulp; chemical wood pulp, soda or sulphate, (other than dissolving grades), semi-bleached or bleached, of coniferous wood
 9. Newsprint; made of fibres obtained essentially by a chemi-mechanical process or of a weight, per m2, of more than 57g but not more than 65g, in rolls or sheets
10. Coal; bituminous, whether or not pulverised, but not agglomerated
11. Gases, rare; other than argon
12. Natural calcium phosphates; natural aluminium calcium phosphates and phosphatic chalk
13. Fertilizers, mineral or chemical; potassic, potassium chloride
14. Ketones; acyclic, without other oxygen function, butanone (methyl ethyl ketone)
15. Iron oxides and hydroxides; earth colours containing 70% or more by weight of combined iron evaluated as Fe2o3
16. Vegetable oils; palm oil and its fractions, crude, not chemically modified
17. Pitch and pitch coke; obtained from coal tar or from other mineral tars
18. Pitch; obtained from coal tar or from other mineral tars
19. Fluorine; bromine
20. Sulphur of all kinds; other than sublimed, precipitated and colloidal sulphur

🔸 클러스터 12 체인 순서 (총 12개)
 1. Fabrics; woven pile, of wool or fine animal hair, other than fabrics of heading no. 5802 or 5806
 2. Meat; of bovine animals, carcasses and half-carcasses, fresh or chilled
 3. Artificial parts of the body
 4. Medicaments; containing antibiotics (other than penicillins, streptomycins or their derivatives), for therapeutic or prophylactic uses, packaged for retail sale
 5. Cereals; rice, semi-milled or wholly milled, whether or not polished or glazed
 6. Vegetables, alliaceous; onions and shallots, fresh or chilled
 7. Wrist-watches, pocket-watches, stop-watches and other watches; with case of precious metal or of metal clad with precious metal
 8. Prepared explosives, other than propellent powders
 9. Dairy produce; milk and cream, concentrated, not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter, in powder, granules or other solid forms, of a fat content exceeding 1.5% (by weight)
10. Vegetable oils; sunflower seed or safflower oil and their fractions, crude, not chemically modified
11. Seats; of a kind used for aircraft
12. Engravings, prints and lithographs; original

🔸 클러스터 13 체인 순서 (총 19개)
 1. Acrylic polymers; (other than polymethyl methacrylate), in primary forms
 2. Ethylene polymers; in primary forms, polyethylene having a specific gravity of 0.94 or more
 3. Ethylene polymers; in primary forms, polyethylene having a specific gravity of less than 0.94
 4. Silicones in primary forms
 5. Styrene polymers; (other than expansible polystyrene), in primary forms
 6. Propylene, other olefin polymers; polypropylene in primary forms
 7. Dyes; reactive dyes and preparations based thereon
 8. Plastics; plates, sheets, film, foil and strip (not self-adhesive), of polymers of ethylene, non-cellular and not reinforced, laminated, supported or similarly combined with other materials
 9. Particle board of wood, whether or not agglomerated with resins or other organic binding substances
10. Acids; saturated acyclic monocarboxylic acids; acetic acid
11. Alcohols; aromatic alcohols and derivatives, benzyl alcohol
12. Rubber; synthetic, styrene-butadiene rubber (SBR) and carboxylated styrene-butadiene rubber (XSBR), (other than latex), in primary forms or in plates, sheets or strip
13. Inorganic acids and other inorganic oxygen compounds of non-metals; n.e.c. in heading no. 2806 to 2810
14. Cyclic hydrocarbons; benzene
15. Ivory, bone, tortoise-shell, horn, antlers, coral, mother-of-pearl and other animal carving material and articles of these materials; worked, (including articles obtained by moulding)
16. Propylene, other olefin polymers; propylene copolymers in primary forms
17. Vinyl chloride, other halogenated olefin polymers; poly(vinyl chloride), not mixed with any other substances, in primary forms
18. Copper; tubes and pipes, of refined copper
19. T-shirts, singlets and other vests; of cotton, knitted or crocheted